c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExtendControl\ExtendControl\bin\Debug\ExtendControl.exe.config
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExtendControl\ExtendControl\bin\Debug\ExtendControl.exe
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExtendControl\ExtendControl\bin\Debug\ExtendControl.pdb
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExtendControl\ExtendControl\obj\Debug\ExtendControl.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExtendControl\ExtendControl\obj\Debug\BaseControl.g.cs
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExtendControl\ExtendControl\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExtendControl\ExtendControl\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExtendControl\ExtendControl\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExtendControl\ExtendControl\obj\Debug\ExtendControl_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExtendControl\ExtendControl\obj\Debug\ExtendControl_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExtendControl\ExtendControl\obj\Debug\BaseControl.baml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExtendControl\ExtendControl\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExtendControl\ExtendControl\obj\Debug\ExtendControl.g.resources
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExtendControl\ExtendControl\obj\Debug\ExtendControl.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExtendControl\ExtendControl\obj\Debug\ExtendControl.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExtendControl\ExtendControl\obj\Debug\ExtendControl.exe
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExtendControl\ExtendControl\obj\Debug\ExtendControl.pdb
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExtendControl\ExtendControl\obj\Debug\MyGroupBox.g.cs
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExtendControl\ExtendControl\obj\Debug\MyGroupBox.baml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExtendControl\ExtendControl\obj\Debug\ChildBox.g.cs
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExtendControl\ExtendControl\obj\Debug\ChildBox.baml
